andy patterson added daniel olsson to the group
andy patterson added jack renner to the group
andy patterson added jacob kiefer to the group
andy patterson added topher rohrer to the group
andy patterson added will mcelhaney to the group
will mcelhaney added loren krushke to the group
jordan eblen has left the group.
loren krushke changed name to l cakes
jordan eblen has rejoined the group
jordan eblen has left the group.
jordan eblen has left the group.
jordan eblen has rejoined the group
william jettinghoff added justin shulman to the group
william jettinghoff added jordan eblen to the group
taylor hornung removed daniel olsson from the group.
lucas raub added daniel olsson to the group
lucas raub removed daniel olsson from the group.
mason brinneman added sean nash to the group
will mcelhaney has left the group.
jack renner changed the group's avatar
will mcelhaney has rejoined the group
jacob kiefer changed name to bilbo baggins
sean nash changed the group's avatar
sean nash changed the group's avatar
david dawson changed the group's avatar
david dawson changed the group's name to marley and me
mason brinneman changed name to hochkönig i
taylor hornung removed bilbo baggins from the group.
taylor hornung added jacob kiefer to the group
jacob kiefer changed name to sircabbage69
andy patterson added william jettinghoff to the group
andy patterson added aaron johnson to the group
sean nash changed name to hamm's bear
hamm's bear changed the group's name to will m. beats off dead horses
hamm's bear changed the group's avatar
lucas raub changed name to all women are beautiful
will mcelhaney changed the group's name to its easy to find a job in sports com
will mcelhaney changed name to religion
all women are beautiful changed the group's name to this group name is fucking dumb
jordan eblen changed the group's name to this group is going to hell
jordan eblen changed name to jordan "jordan eblen" eblen
david dawson changed the group's name to ......it's everywhere
all women are beautiful changed the group's name to no.
david dawson changed the group's name to maybe.
all women are beautiful changed the group's name to 8====d~~~
hamm's bear changed the group's name to 8===👊===d~~~
jack renner changed the group's name to is this real life
hamm's bear removed all women are beautiful from the group.
hamm's bear added lucas raub to the group
lucas raub changed name to literally always being sarcastic
david dawson changed the group's name to is this real life?
religion changed the group's name to is this real life
religion changed name to i listened to the decemberists before lucas did
andy patterson removed will mcelhaney from the group.
l cakes added will mcelhaney to the group
andy patterson removed peter mace from the group.
l cakes added peter mace to the group
will mcelhaney has left the group.
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has left the group.
jack renner changed the group's name to ...and we're back
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has rejoined the group
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has left the group.
david dawson changed the group's name to we will all burn for this
hochkönig i changed the group's name to nsfskidmore
taylor hornung added daniel (cookie) to the group
william jettinghoff changed name to chief jettinghoff
chief jettinghoff changed name to chief william
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has left the group.
literally always being sarcastic changed name to gave the wrong young niggas money
chief william changed name to chief cunta
taylor  hornung changed name to aaron johnson
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has rejoined the group
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did changed the group's name to will
gave the wrong young niggas money changed the group's name to will is stupid
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has left the group.
jack renner changed the group's name to run, hide, freak, tornado!
sircabbage69 changed the group's avatar
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did has rejoined the group
i listened to the decemberists before lucas did changed name to will
alex dittmer changed the group's name to kdr" discussion
alex dittmer changed the group's name to "kdr" discussion
will mcelhaney changed the group's name to kdr discussion
andy patterson removed alex dittmer from the group.
alec mosher changed the topic to: testword
alec mosher changed the topic to: 
andy patterson added alex dittmer to the group
andy patterson removed will mcelhaney from the group.
andy patterson added will mcelhaney to the group
andy patterson removed brent hall from the group.
andy patterson changed name to andy patterson begrudgingly
andy patterson begrudgingly removed will mcelhaney from the group.
andy patterson begrudgingly added brent hall to the group
andy patterson begrudgingly changed name to andy patterson
andy patterson changed name to andy patterson didn't want to but has
andy patterson didn't want to but has added will mcelhaney to the group
andy patterson didn't want to but has changed name to andy patterson
will mcelhaney has left the group.
will mcelhaney has rejoined the group
will mcelhaney changed name to aaron johnson 2
will changed the group's avatar
will changed the group's name to in my final form!
aaron johnson 2 changed name to will mcelhaney
aaron johnson added patrick o'brien, jeffrey slaven, jordan carder, matt levine, ben weber, and 2 others to the group
jordan "jordan eblen" eblen changed name to cantor cunta
will changed the group's name to started from the bottom i'm still there
hamm's bear changed the group's name to this is all going to end very badly.
ben weber changed name to monica lewinsky
daniel (cookie) changed name to hillary clinton aka the real og
sircabbage69 changed name to ramsay bolton
will changed the group's name to jeff for dotw
jack renner changed name to jack
hamm's bear changed the group's name to truffle butter ftw
hamm's bear changed the group's avatar
jeffrey slaven changed name to aka senior heff aka jeffy
jordan carder changed name to jebillary for master!
will changed the group's name to nsfskidmore
peter mace added alec mosher and alex dittmer to the group
will changed name to jeffrey slaven
patrick o'brien changed name to jeffrey slay'n
aka senior heff aka jeffy changed name to i am fo sho not jeffrey slaven
jeffrey slay'n changed name to patty
jeffrey slaven changed name to i'm dying a slow and painful death
i'm dying a slow and painful death changed the group's avatar
i'm dying a slow and painful death changed the group's name to jeffrey slaven
i'm dying a slow and painful death changed name to will mcelhaney
will mcelhaney changed the group's name to announcements
royalty i run the crew changed the group's name to nsfskidmore
hamm's bear changed name to i'm neutral!
will mcelhaney changed the group's name to there is one god and sean nash is her prophet
l cakes changed the group's name to make peace with your gods... for little 500 is nearly upon us
royalty i run the crew changed the group's name to nsfskidmore
will mcelhaney changed the group's name to if you change this you have chlamydia
jack changed the group's name to will has chlamydia
l cakes changed the group's name to nsfskidmore
monica lewinsky changed name to peethat
alex dittmer changed name to aaron johnson 2
aaron johnson 2 changed name to aaron jonson
will mcelhaney changed the group's name to hairy buttholes
chief cunta changed the group's name to nsfskidmore
hillary is my champion removed cantor cunta from the group.
royalty i run the crew removed will mcelhaney from the group.
taylor hornung added will mcelhaney and jordan eblen to the group
jordan eblen changed name to jew messin' with me?
will mcelhaney enabled office mode. messages won't buzz your phone.
will mcelhaney enabled office mode. messages won't buzz your phone.
will mcelhaney disabled office mode. messages will buzz your phone.
daniel olsson changed the group's avatar
