dude jordan, i will seriously eat jewish food with you any day. 
100% down 
are people coming to chapter tonight or?
can i get someone to proxy at joint gavel tonight? 8pm oak room tonight
super easy: pretty much just have to show up, listen and jot down anything that seems notable? i have to work on a russian project and tonight is like the only night i can work on it 
is that a no on the proxy? if you're thinking about a leadership position, this is a great opportunity to learn about the holistic greek system 
that's good because the eli will also be here 
i really love all of you guys, but sometimes i really hate all of you 
"formal" attire. no ritual. 
i feel like people get brent and brennan mixed up for random things all the time and i don't get it all. they are nothing alike jabs 
my phone keeps correcting "haha" to jabs and i also don't get that
magaldi constantly mixes brent and brennan up
also, i have never mixed up aaron and andy haha. once again totally different people 
atta boy jeffry 
❤️
indeed 
good point; i didn't even think of that. 
does anyone remember where we told alumni to park last year at 400?
 i have not heard anything about that...
yeah, i knew no one had said anything about a price... seemed sketch
i think they said if we have people participating in mars they would also send a letter
lol @aaron johnson is in a picture in our national newsletter and they list everyone's names but his 
to be fair, they said the alpha brother in the picture is cc and it's not. if that makes you feel any better 
it's just a picture of you, brysen, chris, and the brother from alpha that wasn't cc whose name i'm struggling to remember 
that's it!
they just released the q&s so you can go look at it 
should've gotten an email i think 
they also have a call for new writers in the q&s apply and make it great if it bugs you 👍 lol
i'm not disagreeing, but it would also be sweet to have a nu guy writing for the newsletter 
that's not a position lol
maybe at larger national offices  
and also, maybe nationals will have grown by the time you're looking for a spot 
because nationals will eventually need to have more than 10 people or whatever 
it should've gone here, if anywhere probably 
but w/e 
