as a reminder, alex dittmer and the 3 newest pledges need fathers. just email me a dad's form for any other them over the next week to be in the running
haha, anyone going on a run this weekend?
haha, i mean liquor, not exercise. ewww
his cousin jack gets all the bitches
will, wtf? don't encourage that shit
like is it just kool-aid mix, vodka, triple sec, and water?
does anyone know the ingredients for jungle juice?
our mars director everyone, making a subtle date rap joke.
wyatt is coming to town i guess. so there's that.
seriously bring blankets tonight to crash. the furnace is off at 509...so brrr.
andy, i am interested.
my phone's power button is jammed, until i unjam groupme will be the only way to contact me
who wants kids? get those dad's apps in. dads night next saturday the 11th!
so i still have all 3 new pledges up for adoption. today is the last day for forms, tomorrow i will assign them so we can still have dad's night next weekend.
the internet is porn
now you know
i would guess the p word
parties
they sell extra phone chargers at the place at the imu....they are probably expensive though....
put down the spoon. boom, done
so, dittmer still needs a father. anyone??? or i start assigning twins to someone.
can anyone guess how big the gta 5 download is for pc?
the download is 59gigs. it will take that much space on my hard drive.
its going to take a week with my current speed
damn, that shit is huge
i have to delete so much porn now :(
lol
haha, is that a repost jacob?
dont re add him
yeah
they are back
for how long, why wasn't i told sooner????
this should have been a news headline, not isis or whatever else "important" stuff in the world is happening
trolol
so i got the s6, my review so far ...terrible battery, buggy, bloatware galore, get an iphone 6.
i didn't want a phablet
and no i be verizon manh
not yet, need to buy skinny jeans first
so some things. festivities start at 10 be at 509. pledges arrive at 10:30. reminder you may have a speech and i will give you a paper copy(hornung i'll text you yours). dad's are as follows, dittmer-jack renner, alec-me,ben-hornung, matt and jeff-aaron, patty-brennan, jordan-brent wood
get here, if not here already.
andy you was a bad as 2nite
some yep. did dittmer?
