class till 7:45
oh awesome!
october 30-november 1
btw is this guy named hullinger?
haha i was just wondering considering rick is in cog psy and has his undergrad in computer science 
but awesome anyways!
i took a intro class with him
one of my favorite professors thus far
i didn't know google translate was required for this groupme
google*
when will you be here?
i'm not a statamagician but...that doesn't sound right
do we need more pylons?
love you skidmore 
i agree with everything you are saying will. considering you would be forcing a brother to pay it adds up quickly. 
i agree completely with keeping the idea that fraternity is paying for the meal a secret. but yet we shouldn't keep it a secret if they ask about it. the pnm will find out eventually and may feel slighted
yes of course. though honestly i think the  pnm would not bring it up if the meal is being paid for in general. i mean i wouldn't personally...but keeping it ambiguous is a definitely a good approach. 
but i definitely agree with what your saying will
what i suggest is an approval process before the brother takes the pnm out to dinner. so it eliminates brothers just taking their friends out to dinner as pnms.
make sure the fraternities money is going in the right place...
for sure^
true! if we get a simple majority via groupme the dinner should be a go no matter what. use the groupme if you're  not sure. but if you truly believe the pnm is going to benefit from immediately taking them to the dinner then it should be a go. we're all adults who can make my decisions. if it becomes a problem we can reevaluate the the whole dinner thing for the future if it is wasting funds...but i don't find it to be a problem
minus the whole "my" in "my decisions".
haha! true dat!
...and there goes the neighborhood 
noooooooooooo
ok...that went 0-100 real quick
oh...wow...that sounds really intense and cult like...i hope babies aren't involved haha
he designed the code for a artificial intelligence to sleep? ok...he's a pretty cool statamagician
illuminati 
no surprise...he was at the house
does he live there?
prove it...

do you want alec to call triple a to find them?
made it back safe, feeling like crap, but made it back safe.
yeah...that was my hint...
not complaining...in all honesty it was a good hint 
dude trash can at the ready here
malibu...malibu 💀
thank god there wasn't a goat...just saying
oh wait...
id rather not see any of us in an isis video because beheadings aren't gucci.
jeffrey*
haha just saying 
sì
sorry for being critical yo!
haha! 
kinda like aaron and andy!
kk andy
i try...
no
are you enjoying this andy? haha
ok cool!
this is awesome! legit its interesting to read the code.
wait he isn't a statamagician?!?
i got this
i'll utilize the ra skills i'll never have to use
what he said^
good brainstorm technique! way to think ahead!
lol
haha! uh help with move-in in general
oh crap...
what he said^
what?
ah...fair enough
haha! do i even need to quote you aaron.
rt
haha since we are technically approaching them
off the burning fans...
but we didn't start the fire...
operation patty is a go!
uh kdr madlib time?
yeah...the only thing with that...going into residence halls without a resident having you as a guest is against rps policy.
true! i'm just adding my two cents. 
oh that's cool!
will is just gonna love us...i can already feel it. lol 
yeah! haha. and yeah that would be a spectacle.
the whole oil thing patrick was talking about
oh iris! you have to be at least 2hrs away?
*aaron
autocorrect is on fleek tonight
oh cool!
whoa those are awesome.
it's funny cause a few "stars" from iu already have a legitimate app called greekride. 
it's a pledge ride app. they market it as it! lol
nothing! 
i never said that the design was bad.
true in regards to what will said. but i too also thought pledge rides was against ifc policy.
ah! thanks for the clarification 
so it's one of those rules that are there but aren't exactly followed lol
oh...that makes sense
productive conversation in this groupme...whaaaa?!?
haha
dotw? what?
still confused why i should be dotw? haha
i guess? haha
oh god...
i think will is making a solid case for dotw...
clue of the night: "take a drink...or water"
haha the challenge is on....
i so enjoyed shirtless and drunk lucas.
haha
fucking pledges really.
oh...wow...that for dark
got*
that would be cool
yeah fuck those guys
i'll give yah two bits
thanks will...
nah i'm good.
