i can verify for jordan he has a nasty limp 
hey cock cakes who wants to get their study on and learn some shit..... 
anyone wanna meet up and do some parkour/get exercise? 

massive dump coming 






i mean im trying 
shes a squeaker 
as in the not nerdy 
loren get to 509 stat 
fuck that noise raising the cup to your mouth is gomna be your workout 
when ate we leaving tomorrow 
nvm
it is 
second
good just tired 
enema
does anyone wanna do anything tonight?
thanks toph i feel loved now 
alright cool guys 
yuss
second
yeah dude i wanna hear how much you love penises and to do this

jk luuhh you boo 
i know jordan haha i just felt like making an announcement 
alright thanks man 
sowwy 
yup 
that woild be terrifying though 
would*
tread carefully friend 
loren we love you we just decided as a grouo that we all were getting too intense and it became borderline damaging for some people 
nuthing but the good vibes mon 
hahaha oh my god im dying 
i cant stop send help 
can we please make giant print out of these 
peters tace is too perfect 
face*
like i laughed soo hard i almost puked 
all i know is that tye entire tree should be made of oeters face 
my god im still laughing so hard i cant even spell 
i love you all and your thought processes.
aaron do you have a frosbee 
is there a printer in 509 i can use 
im down 
mist likely wright 
i will 
on the way gents stopping by c store
where are you guys in front or back of wright 
well that was uncalled for 
what did the pillsburry doughboy get fingered because those adjectives line up 
yeah but theres a difference between chubby and thunder thighs 
you sure it wasnt just growling cause.she hadnt eaten in 10 minutes 
i am a terrible person 
all of them 
im not sure if its the muslim religion but it says that if any scientific finding refutes what people think they will change tye doctorine accordingly 
this shit is getting deep 
do we even matter, are we alone, has god abandoned us? 
i mean science. there is more than one form of life i just feel like the perfect mix of chemocals and the right enviornment created life 
also due to the distance that light travels if any being were to see us they would only see dinosaurs 
when in doubt 
this is my view on life what makes you you like your consciousness is just the specific concentratiom of chemicals in your brain/body. so when you die i feel that there are only a large but finite amount of combinations for chemicals and eventually the mixture that made you will repeat ie you live again 
there aee constants and variables 
i mean technically there is gravitational pull lucas 
sorry i cant discern sarcasm with written words 
ftfy 
reality is like a rubber band when compressed massove amounts of potential energy is stored then it is release to kimetic energy ie expansion of space then it will reach its zenith and then collapse but into a small dense object with massove amounts of energy only to expand once again 

anyone who is in ashton want to meet up and go to study tables 
kk 
wie lange ist deine klasse 
okie 
spielen mit was?
ahhh ich verstehe dich jetzt 
deutsch ist die beste sprache 
du sollst deutsch lernen. es ist nich schwer 
nicht*
clearly you have not been through cheerio withdrawls 
alright go to the west tower get to the elevators then fourth floor and make a right and go straight 
cheerios spoon=crack spoon 
its his spidey signal
haha lord cakes of house schlager 
shit man im sorry to hear 
but whatever youre on your way to great things brother 
second 
damn dude what did you just pet him 
dude fuck waco 
so like put a cone back on his head 
what if dan has been teaching waco to turn against us?
slip some chocolate in the food bowl 
ahh the other kind of chocolate 
speaking of when is the bonfire today?
im going to need someone to get me fireball for.tonight 
according to my parents i need to reevaluate my life 
nope it actially hurt to hear that from my parents so no im gettong what i know.i can drink 
i might beed a ride after im done eating with the fam 
so mason where you at with them hotdogs 
your father is actually your mother 
..... and she's has a penis
your father may or may not be a sentient organism 
that'll fuck em up 
so what? it'll grow in due time 



i didn't know you liked to suck your own  dick so much let alone be flexible enough to sean
jk luv ya boo
anyone at 509 see keys? 
i believe i left keys at 509 does anyone see them? 
yeah could you do me a favor and drop them off at ashton? 
kk thanks 
my door is apparently locked..... fuck. 
haha you wish nah i know where my keys are they are at 509
bro yes. halo. will. be. played. 
taaaaaaayyyyyyyyllllllloooooooorrrrrrr
please 
t
a
y
l
o
t
r
yusss plz thank you! 
are the stairs okay?! 
aaaaannnddddyy
this is ectoplasm... there... there was a ghost 
ill head over rn and see what can be grabbed 
almost der
taking the he elevator meow 
soooooooo many people i'm grabbing room 429
okay so i didn't see any kdr member so i just grabbed a group room 
try to get here quick guys as thus room cannot be held forever with just me..... 
plz hurry 
i'm scared 
shut up holy shit 
jk 
excuse me sir but did you not see the obligatory jk that was utilized when a harsh statement was previously used
then i am not sorry 
study tables ain't no joke 
everyone come to study tables and get some work done with your brothers 
kk room 429
ill grab food wil 
yup 
kk
or drink or drink 
i got yo back mason 
it's like saying not to be racist and then saying something wholeheartedly racist 
but i'm assuming how they act is referring to a racial slur 
so they say that if they act like they do then they should voice their opinion. i feel as if their opinion would be a racial slur 

like he respects life until something horrible is committed. i think gohan cherishes life more so he was always afraid of trying/couldn't find his power until his friends were in danger right? 
/kind of a bitch then did some cool things 
i'm sure gohan has killed some characters 
originally goku wasn't supposed to be a main character right? 
like he was just gonna die off and gohan take over 
all the power up shit goku went through makes him ridiculous but i think gohan had more potential given the same circumstances right? 
no krillin is the strongest human and knows the destruction disk which is super powerful 
so it's funny it's a powerful attack for a relatively weak human 
goku has become a fucking god so relative to him that's powerful so shit goes boom but krillin being much weaker than goku van still take out a strong enemy with a well placed disk 
smooth segway 

i fell asleep on my way now 
yeah get over here 
sup man 
yo will 
we are at forest meet us there 
new pledge class 
haha cock mongers 
does clean up need to happen? 
i'm going to grab my cigarettes and possibly clean up mkay 
btw like how's the skull fucking hangover 
i'm pretty sure the two things i heard out of lucas' mouth was thank you and i'm sorry 
jaeger won't fuck you over until you've had like 12 shots 
thank you. 
don't be fuck boys at chapter 
seriously doh some important is gonna be there keep it professional 
professionalism=don't be fucks keep that butthole puckered boys
do not post letters in this group me 

one. 
web hammock?
i could help will where is it at 
how long? subject matter? 
yeah man i'd be happy to help 
yo i'll walk with you guys when you leaving 
shit i gotta get ready 
jeblin and i are on the way 
it's mcnutt. 

i don't know bitch check fo yo self 
? 

haha parkour? 
do a flip 
tuck and grab you legs to increase rotational velocity and get a running start 
haha you good man i bet you could do some cool shot with practice 
spell check but thanks will haha and yeah man practice leads to adaption 
i actually meant shit so therefore i said spell check 
comprehension is not the issue, lack of caring is. i also have trouble discerning sarcasm from written word because sarcasm is usually a tone of voice at least how i understand sarcasm 
so in other words if everyone tried to impress you there would be dicks running to us 
maybe not for you 
anyone wanna get food at wright
yeah man let me know when you're close 
yeah man shits tense 
it gets more intense 
how do you feel about halo loren? 
you trying to co-op that shit 

aight o  the way 
i'm fine because i actually know caymen 
yeah but i could see him throwing a punch in the right situation 
sixty-nine
or sexty-nine
someone is ashton please let me in 
jordan carder is a wonderful man 
twas an emergency and i wanted anyone to see it because no one would have it muted 
state of emergency won't happen again 
you should write a strongly worded letter. 
