guys dont fucking say what you arent supposed to say this time
illuminati has 10 letters. if you add a letter to brinneman it would have 10 letters!!!!!!! coincidence!?!?! i think not.
retweet aaron.
yeah guys l-rd 
oh my g-d
i missed cookie so much 
let me text you bb
509???
sorry didn't know because we pushed back induction.
http://www.planetcalypsoforum.com/gallery/files/3/7/2/3/9/lol_wut.jpg
inside jokes give me diabetes
me?
http://media3.giphy.com/media/2wxwfiavndgcm/giphy.gif
are we allowed to alter the pledge ed exam at all?
that's the fastest i've ever ejaculated.
but really how do i download this video?
i bet no one is brave enough to post that in kdr announcements...
well that should have been expected from my part. i was trying to make a joke, and did not know he would actually do that
i am a burden to my brothers.
i think it may be beneficial to cover affirmative consent and ius policy of sexual assault on the exam. that way we teach our pledges something, we look good to the national office, and we could actually make a difference. any objections?
would it count for anything?
yeah the test took me 20ish minutes
https://v.groupme.com/13079697/2015-03-26t03:45:11z/5d571dfe.272x480r.mp4
i nominate sean for all of the sons.
all of them.
a que hora?
what time are quals
loren will you come with me
i'm not leaving this group dramatically or because i'm upset. just clarifying 
guys does anyone want to go to wright or forrest like now?
from cookie "hey guys just a heads up, if kentucky loses tonight it's your responsibility to get belligerently drunk and burn shit. no excuses."
phi mu has some pretty hot girls tbh
my best friend is an iu cheerleader and she's in phi mu. lol when we make fun of them it's because they pick members who they like not just attractive people. sounds a lot like kdr... 
but really there are girls in phi mu that are literally too good for us to even smell their farts.
would anyone like to go to wright
:(
the girl i know in phi mu has an identical twin name bailey lol. and i may or may not have been in love with her since 7thgrade and she has always crushed my soul by dating my best friends hahaha coincidences are so fun
i have came to terms with the fact that if i was funnier/nicer/better looking i would have one, but not everyone is as blessed as hornung
shit i meant won! lol
off the topic question, does an older brother qualify you as a legacy for a frat. or only a parent?
also next friday at 5, my girlfriend wants to meet you guys. 
and a little bit of roofies 
to liven up the party am i right?
wait where!!? do i have to dress up?
assistant director lolz
it's all guys, i just want to loosen you guys up. 
i can't this week but maybe next week 
i can make the tacos with @peter mace 
i'll be whatever kind of nerdy she wants
especially people who are in no way affiliated with the chapter 
i was under the impression lavalieeed people could go to brothers only events, not random people in chi delta phi. who invited sarah?

jet fuel cant melt steel beams
however, burning jet fuel can.
that's kiefer
i'd know that ass anywhere 
wonderful thanks for asking
i ate the big ugly and i hate myself


i need to purge
does anyone want to play risk with haleigh and i?
maybe at 509
if so i can pick you up. my car is right outside of teter by ashton
so like if you want that like say something and don't just like my message 
what time thursday? 
yeah i have an online class:( 
but someone could use my car to drop you have
proud of you
@alex dittmer @jacob kiefer @will jettinghoff nick offerman is this wednesday. 


how does that kid eat that
i met the owner of microsoft
it's me
if english is good enough for jesus, it's good enough for me
i had sex with freddie mercury
peter for hannakuh tree
or just embarrassing pictures of drunk peter, arranged to resemble obama from far away.
why
why was i nominated??! lol
why was i nominated master hornung
so it was something dumb?
i wish i could come 
but stupid c104 stuff
@Jeffrey Slaven You are exciled.
I've already committed to ride next year. 3 more people would be nice.
So I don't mean to seem pushy, but if no one commits to do Little 500 soon I'm going to try to ride with an independent team.
Yeah but it takes a long time to train. I don't want to be an embarrassment
I mean but it would also be irrational to start my training to ride for a team no one else is committed to ride for.
But I want to make sure I can ride if I train.
Also increased participation in MARS would help us meet new people.
But MARs wouldn't help with recruiting just with getting our names out to other fraternities
I'll join PR
I'd love to be on that.
I mean if you need a chair I'm your man.
Can Will and I cochair?
I'd do both
Was I nominated for #DOTW
who will be playing frisbee
i'll be there soon
yeh i probably won't actually come i have no athletic shorts or letters 
i'll go to phi mu's philanthropy if anyone else wants to go.
let me know when you know the date!
i also want a kd tank
taylor can you introduce me to all of these wonderful looking nice ladies?
andy when i open this it messes up.

@alex dittmer  @jacob kiefer  @william jettinghoff  remember nick offerman is at 8pm tonight
up to you
deal
guys pi lamda phi did iudm this year and they were founded this fall. if we can't do it, it is honestly kind of sad.
the iu chapter of pi lambda phi was refounded this year. the brothers in their fall class are called founding fathers of their chapter. 
so i mean i'd say if someone is a founding father, they founded something.
he actually wasn't in iu pi lambda phi. 
mark cuban read ayn rand. nuff said about his character.
last message and i'm done, can i borrow fountainhead from someone
will we have to increase local dues to have more social events? 
i don't know if everyone will buy in to paying more dues for open social events. but if we don't increase dues i'd say it's doable. especially if you look at how efficient rush is with the very little money they spend 
thank you wise pontifex
yeah but also more expenses. and taylor i would any other day but i have nick offerman tix tonight
yeah let's leave this up to a vote, and not worry about it on groupme.
?
guys lets meet at wright before the show
i'll be there in 5 to 10 minutes
noooooo lol hurry
do you guys ever almost do the secret handshake with the pledges
aaron does the handshake on their penis 
😘😘😘
#botw
we should only play this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xq76aqrmbqa
and this song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeliv_7tpwq
both are the decemberists.
you don't like those two songs???
i have had this cd in my car for like 40 years
this cd is literally about how fans get mad when bands change at all lol
listen to this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uis2rwosr8i
listen to that song pleb
what is your all time favorite song of theirs?
this could be a text convo, but i prefer pissing these guys off instead
is dads night next weekend?
i have a fake major i don't know how 
exactly
can you dual major in sport communication and sports management???
i feel like that would be pretty useful to be able to do...
oh gotcha.
but that doesn't seem like a good excuse for them to not let you, in kelley like every major has overlap, and sometimes you have to take like 6 extra credit hours to double major.
if jesus spoke english, it's good enough for me.
i mean most people don't deny that he was real, they debate whether or not he was actually the son of god. like he was almost certainly at least a person. there is documented proof of that
some branches of judaism actually recognize him as a prophet. 
i've killed so many people, but at least mike pence is protecting me.
yeah and also he would probably be like stoning prostitutes, killing gays, not wearing clothes made of more than one fabric, and not eating at red lobster. 
because that is all old testament stuff. 
rumor is they are going out of business :(

2617 e 3rd st, bloomington, in 47401
i'm down to go there for lunch tomorrow
i'm down to go there between 2:15 and 4:40 today
i've seen passion of the christ...
everyone knows ancient jews built boats and sailed to america. fucking  plebs.
what time is jewish food tomorrow?
yep
jesus was more of a rolling stones guy. he told me when we were hitting dmt.
fyi catholics believe in a layered form of purgatory. the top 2 layers i believe can be prayed out of purgatory, while others can not. they also believe in a layered form of heaven. absolutely none of this comes from the bible mind you, but st. augistine.
that is how i was taught it.
so i could easily be wrong. 
but heaven is layered in catholicism
sort of.
it is complicated.
loren i have it on good authority that the world is 4000 years old
i mean if science is offensive then yeah i imagine being in college is pretty offensive.
the . . . council of florence (1439) declared the souls of the perfectly just clearly behold the triune and one god as he is, but corresponding to the difference of their merits, the one more perfectly than the other. the council of trent defined that the justified person merits an increase of the heavenly glory by good works. (ludwig ott, fundamentals of catholic dogma, 479)
that is my source on layers of heaven, take it as you will.
scientology
to change the topic, guys did you see that sports ball game where that one team was beating another team and they made it close and then the team won and people were all like yay and others were like no the struggle es rail
not sure that that is how that actually works^
if a life form was advanced enough to find life on another planet they'd probably know how to account for that...
yeah but if a life form was advanced enough to have the technology they'd probably understand how it works. 
yeah lolz
but it is the time that it takes light to travel, which would effect observations.
identical twins do right?
uc santa barbara says you're stupid swan
sean
also that is co sponsored by the national science foundation
ucsb says they share dna though, and that was the question...
http://scienceline.ucsb.edu/getkey.php?key=244
yeah.........
i thought the iq system was set for 100 to be the average no matter trends in intelligence?
i feel like there is no evidence that proves attractive people are less intelligent. 
seems pretty unsubstantiated.
wait also just looked it up and the average iq is always 100, so maybe the raw scores are falling but the average is still 100 like always
sean are you kidding? it is common knowlede that iq is a distribution centered around 100....
it always is a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15. 
yes that is exactly what i fucking said earlier. 
the average of the raw scores that calculate iq may change, but average iq does not actually change.
and yeah everyone has the capability to do research, you just chose to be uninformed. 
http://www.britannica.com/ebchecked/topic/289766/human-intelligence/13355/the-distribution-of-iq-scores
also there is no way to know how proportionate  the sample of observed iq is to the population.
sean yes.
it's unlikely but it could.
that would be 2.5 standard deviations though. only about 2 percent of people are that low now.
so very unlikely unless ted cruz becomes president 
i think statistics are very easily fabricated
actually the bigger the sample size the more representative of the population. and the more degrees of freedom. so i'd argue sample size can't be too big.
that would be funny if my mom was alive
jack's sample size is too big to be statistically significant if you know what i mean ;)
you too boy if you fuck withme
niggas wanna rumble
oh my gosh don't even pretend you knew who they were before i bought their cd like a week ago
the internet was something obama made to force us to buy healthcare
where were the parents at?
putting parties on yik yak is a good way to get the cops to come. and we shouldn't talk about parties here.
mason eat this

if you dont want to shit for like 3 days
honestly it's pretty dumb that that is a word that kicks people.
i think it would actually be mason's because that is actually kind of his job.
really quick does anyone have an extra iphone 4 charger?
my phone is like 8% from dying forever if not
shit alright thanks guys
does anyone want to drive me back to teter from the stadium later?
whenever you're ready i am
i'll buy you some food from wright as payment;)
sean go fuck yourself
probably because you're stupid.
no i was asking for the clues for the ceremony dumb ass.
awesome!
thanks!
does anyone want to eat at wright sometime soon?
good talk crew.
does anyome want to grab a meal?
shoot :(
you free to go now? i'll put on some pants and meet you at the volleyball courts by teter???
meet me at the volleyball courts in like 2 mins
if you go outside, the storm will respect you and leave you alone. staying inside is where the real danger is.
i'll wait until i am dead for two weeks and then switch.
it's cute that you think you're witty.
<insert picture of peter's face>
woah..... language kiefer.
^rt

ask, and you shall receive my children.
if i use testword in a sentence will i be kicked?
if you leave the group before the bot kicks you, will it kick you when you reenter?
test word
testword
inception
honestly this time i'll beat it watch
testword
i would have beat it that time!
guys stop having fun
they look white to me i'm confused
i'm on my computer...
what time does it start????
i have to drive
so i need to come up with hints now i guess...
i stand by you right?
well i mean technically skidmore and lucas are on social probation, so it obviously isn't a huge deal...

^rt
has advisory voted to put him on social probation?
because if not i don't think he's technically even on it right?
i mean if we are going to follow rules we should follow them with everyone not one person.
refucking tweet
article 5 section 3 and article 10 section 4 are never enforced.
that's a big if.
then why is no one else on social probation, when we told them if dues weren't in they would be?
you told me you would bring it a few times when i was there.....
either way there is no excuse for being over two full months late.
yeah when i'm not in class.
yeah, will you be at the house tonight? i can meet you there at like 6?
might be a little after 6 because class ends at 5:30, but i'll come right when its out. 6:15 at the latest.

what are/where are those
what happened?
 i also will not be able to make it.
hey so does anyone want to grab food from wright? i might be dying from this migraine, but i think caffeine might help.
does anyone want to take a trip to the cstore???
because i don't want to walk there alone.
science is fake loren, i know this because the world is 4,000 year olds.
well loren, you can't use science because i said science is fake! silly!
then what laid the egg?

give up your false gods of science and worship.
idk, either way, he isn't in his final form yet.
no loren, that quote is from when goku goes kaioken. when vegeta and goku use the earrings to fuse, their power level is approximately 150,000,000. we can only assume super saiyen 4 at least triples that.
lol
i personally love how frieza technically saved the universe.
if he would have never blown up planet vegeta, then the saiyens wouldn't have been on earth to stop cell, who still would have came, despite there not being saiyens.
arguable. but then there is also the whole majin buu thing

that's true, krillin is the strongest human.
then he would be a dick.
if you were god, why would you want to make people not believe in you, and then send them to hell to prove a point?
the trunks story line is also bs imo.
also, cell kinda saved the universe by killing 16, making gohan go ss2.
wait explain cmbr to me so i don't have to google it.
honestly bulma could kick his ass.
also the fact that the two fusions of vegeta and goku have two names, gogeta and vegeto pisses me off. i know that one is from the earring and one is from the fusion dance, and one is from the earrings, but still.
gohan has a higher power level than goku.
http://dragonball.wikia.com/wiki/forum:the_real_most_accurate_list_of_power_levels
totally factual list... lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnwx7nq85sq
also look what destructo disk can do
i have a hard on for broly
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeqri8van7s
any advice for a group interview?
lol
you need to watch this. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nrefunr3kc
but the title is misleading, it is just him fighting freiza lol
yu yu hakusho >>>>> dbz
so i was kinda right?
if there was a fraternity for middle eastern students would it be iota sigma iota sigma, or alpha epsilon delta?
but really why is that considered hazing?
i did some research, kentucky has no state definition of hazing, and it is up for their universities to set definitions. this leads to smaller things being hazing at different universities.
lolz
indiana's codes however, are slightly different.
indiana
title 34. civil procedure
article 30. immunity from civil liability
chapter 2. statutes outside ic 34 that confer immunity
§ 35-42-2-2. criminal recklessness -- exemption from liability resulting from hazing reports
(a) as used in this section, "hazing" means forcing or requiring another person:
(1) with or without the consent of the other person; and
(2) as a condition of association with a group or organization;
to perform an act that creates a substantial risk of bodily injury.
so had the same thing happened in indiana, it would not be considered hazing.

on a substantially more important note, does anyone want to go to wright?
yes
<3 meet me at the volleyball courts behind teter?

did you guys know that about 95% of native americans died before christopher columbus came to america, due to a plague?
also, before the plague, the native americans killed like millions of trees and almost destroyed the countyr
i mean there is speculation that they caused the little iceage
they cut down so many trees before the plague, that when they all grew back it cause a reverse global warming effect.
i mean it was a study done by stanford.
http://news.stanford.edu/news/2009/january7/manvleaf-010709.html
not every group of native americans held the same values.
i mean it is stanford.
http://phys.org/news/2011-10-team-european-ice-age-due.html
this article here says columbus caused the population decline, but reforestation caused the mini ice age.
https://www.sciencenews.org/article/columbus-arrival-linked-carbon-dioxide-drop
i mean the difference is aaron that my sources are reputable/
i mean i posted 3...
i mean that's dealing in speculation, but maybe.
i agree with you will, i just thought it was pretty interesting!
stimulated conversation at least.
i read it on buzzfeed so then looked it up through other places. there are some other ones too. apparently some tribes cared more about nature, but because there is a lot of variability between tribes, some didn't. also there was apparently a big native american city near where st. louis is now. also there trade routes were pretty damn extensive. basically history books don't tell us a lot, besides that we went back and forth from loving and hating them.
i believe the city was cahoki mounds, but not spelled like that lol
yeah, basically american hist
history paints them as pretty similar, while there were so many differences.
guys i'm about to fall in my face in an interview. i'll talk to you gentlemen later!
girls you're both pretty.
 #debatesonminutia #justkdrthings
 i feel like ad hominem attacks would definitely occur. lol
but yeah bachelor of science aaron
he says no lol
he said 2000 and it has to all go to b+ foundation
i'll do something embarrassing if you guys donate to my iudm account 
can you walk me through how taylor
i'll do a fountain run in a speedo for a 200 donation
purdue sucks.

repost
anyone want to walk to 509 together?
i'll wait
guys... 
can we take this picture as a chapter?

i agree, the show is nothing without the qon. i've never seen it, but i doubt there is a cooler named character in the magic "flute"
hey, so not trying to blow anybody off, but after they guess their dads i'll have to leave tonight. parents are coming into town for a ceremony tomorrow. 
sorry guys :(
thanks! it just starts so late and i have to wake up like kinda early! haha
forrest anyone?
who are you with?
it's almost like he lives at 509
jeff likes his own messages.
depledge hime

guys i'm getting a human sexuality minor! hopefully i can get in on some research.
;)
#justpledgethings
at 509 on the couch
can someone please drive me to the stadium so i can get my car to use to drive pledges tonight?
please?
on the far side of the stadium would take forever lol
aarons got me
don't wear letters when you pop.
poop
i
andy has pounded home 3 cups of jungle juice
he's gone😂😂
pledges walking in now
honestly if you guys are together why do you keep posting...
i'm so excited i got a 100 on my financial accounting exam!!! i was so fucking worried
lolololololol
i hope i"m the reason it"s not curved and it makes the annoying girls that scream chinese fail miserably
also @patrick o'brien  welcome to the best family in kdr. and for all of you, it should go without saying, don't mention dads night to any pledges ever
i bet jo ro would be a hot damn
33% of goldslaggers have girl names.
everybody vs. cookie
peter dittmers been dead for two weeks.....
sleep on your side.
pledge challenge, watch the show fringe
lol at the fact almost everyone guessed me
but honorary dick of the week is @jack renner 
you gave someone the hint of, "take a shot! or water!"
but in all reality, that might have been your best hint...
and i think topher helped you put it back on? 
i wasn't the most surprised with what you said when you were drunk
and by that i mean there was worse

this is hell
who bought the hot damn for pat?
brennan your mom sucks haha 100 proof for life 
which tree are we in today?
penn states zeta chapter is our guest right?
throwback to when aaron and i convinced our pledges that we were having leadership training at the quarries, and that's why they had to be blindfolded
i'd rather see you in an isis video, then not like a hillary message.
just think guys, if our country had a week government then a group like isis could be prominent. 
in america that is.
let's resort to ad hominem because our argument is weak.
wait so you don't believe in private property?
what?
i can
anyone else need a ride?
also, can anyone drop me off at teter after chapter when i park my car at the stadium?
bj
can i practice giving my presentation to one of you wednesday night?
preferably someone who can give constructive criticism .
lol
wherever you want it to be. i just have to give my presentation to you.
8 minutes. spreading mars to other colleges. it's a business pitch for a class
thanks!
jordan meet me in circle drive at 6:25
oh gotcha
duh lol

 i just saw tyra buss!!!!!!!!!
i couldn't fap quickly enough:(
ben is an awesome eli!!!
also, isn't brennan member at large?
not brent
oh wow! i always thought brennan was on advisory for some reason.
i think it's because their names are like sort of close
the dating doctor is in the whittenberg auditorium of imu kids 
i was born in nj
is it going to be a problem that our event is at 509 before 5 on friday? we don't want alumni to get tickets. technically parking becomes free at 5 right?
sorry wrong groupme!
no sorry the question was where should they park? if you park at 509 before 5 pm on a weekday you can get a ticket.
use it for balloon animals 
introduced been to the burger place at woodlands and blooming berry
also realized the he is an eli, not a linking verb, so he is ben not been.
guys i know a way to improve accountability.
it's a game called manchester.
if a brother says they will do something and you don't think they will you say manchester. if they set no time frame they have 24 hours to do it, but if they do set a time frame they have until that time frame expires. if they do not do what they say they will do you get to punch them in the arm as hard as you can.
it's a very diplomatic way to ensure accountability among our brothers.
read the description pledge.
chest?
sounds about right.
or it could be because i stole the idea from someone else and was too lazy to change the name.
no guys you have to say manchester. if the game doesn't work, the commies win.
communism> anarchy tbh

what's happening in ashton? two fire trucks two cops and an ambulance
i feel so lucky to live in a capitalist market with some hints of collectivism. man government rocks!
how do you feel about government @l cakes  
i'm going to abstain from voting on everyone.
it's not voting you no...
jk i'll vote for you bae
but @matt levine  on the other hand....

the picture on the right is more diverse aaron! we have three black people
how much?
hey guys there's a chance of rain all day saturday
yeah what's wrong with pledge rides?
it keeps drunk drivers off the rode haha
ifc actually isn't against pledge rides, they are against driving sorority girls to their dorms or apartments. 
it's more of a safety thing, they don't want you to leave drunk people by themselves.
yeah it's because they dropped a girl off somewhere and she feel down her apartments stairs and died. i believe same girl that was the inspiration for the indiana lifeline law
i will never let a pledge use my car
glad this groupme has gotten so much more friendly
will blow
:)
throw back to when sean liked his own message

haha okay freshman
you couldn't jump that high if you wanted too...


partied and died for our tuna
https://v.groupme.com/13079697/2015-04-14t16:21:33z/4007b6cc.272x480r.mp4
for sexual assault awareness. it's a mars thing
free tanktops and condoms
can not save. very likely tanks will be done soon
i guess brotherhood and safe sex mean nothing to you guys....
i mean we mostly have magnums so it's not like they would have fit you anyway



dude anyone can do cool shot with practice.
cool shot is fun to do.
i am doing dm just to impress @taylor hornung  
#ftt for the taylor
but really fuck boys sign up for iudm
25 down, 475 to go.
i'll offer anything you guys want;)
but not in a non kdr appropriate way.
if you guys help me raise 500 you can have your way with me
http://i.imgur.com/jouofrc.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/b7w62ve.png
http://i.imgur.com/e543ket.jpg
http://imgur.com/5jlcfss
spea library has frappuccinos 
kiefer why you block me on facebook:(
because he needed it

listen up pledges. if you know anyone who is in to biking make them join kdr/
also @jebillary for master!  what is matt chambers phone number?
if you guys know any bikers bring them out to the house. i think if we recruit a few good bikers we could be serious contenders for little 500.
and by serious contenders i mean top 20.
is he for sure not joining?
he's my favorite bided person ever
 no that's someone else
  that was matt thompson 
loren and i are biking to the quarries this weekend if anyone would fancy to come along
are you cunta quinte?
friday
loren you can't drink friday we are biking saturday silly.
