i can buy booze again. i'd need someone to drive me though. preferably a 21 yo.
honest abe set them free but they will never sign with me(a variant that they sing at other sae chapters).
yep. a redittor posted something about it a month before the incident.
did someone either jump off the roof or get stuck in an elevator at wilkie?
you must not want to sleep.
i personally won't be staying over night(i need my own bed to sleep).
but i'll hang out fo sho.
must say, there is a god because there exists axo. 
i once walked in their house and left with wet pants.
for being the number 5 seed, west virginia isn't playing as if they were number 5. 
ps, sean, notre dame can suck mike pence's flaming dong.
sportsball doesn't entertain me. 
if you taint kissers want booze, someone pick me up from srsc in an hour.
for a change.
aww will, you're so cute☺️
swiss!!!
mason, when you go pick will up, would you pick me up from srsc?
bring her.
will, burning jet fuel can't melt steel beams either. it can cause steel beams to lose strength. ask
rosie o'donnell.
she is a civil engineer, in case you didn't know.
what about it?
anything with a ph of anything below 7
laxatives
he's not a faget enough.
ahh shit, yo lady break up wit chu?
well good, i guess?
heroine is the answer.
can i get a ride to chapter?
on my way
you're a son of a bitch, will.
who'd you play against?
well done.
i was almost naked.
gave him aids. you're the reason queen is dead you son of a bitch!!!!!!!
in other news a black kid came into a class to shadow of my classmates and these sorority girls assumed that since his hair style was similar to this girl in my class that they must be related. that's pretty racist.
jesus is gonna die in a few days.
hey, get the fuck out.
you should.
why a panda, is is because he's asian. racism!
what is the worst thing you've ever done in the sims series? : askreddit - http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/30r1l8/what_is_the_worst_thing_youve_ever_done_in_the/
bad idea.
not saying it wouldn't be funny, but it would not be wise to have.
hey lucas, can you take out luke and carson and replace them with cool people?
you are bae
if i were to offer my spot for nick offerman, would anyone be interested? $35
Loren, I completely agree. That is a point of pride for me as a KDR.
Sorry, forgot I was posting in Announcements.
Here here. Little 5 is more of a time commitment for those doing it than an actual cost to our chapter. I guess it depends on how high of a priority it is to the chapter. That being said, the money that the alums promised us for little 5 was contingent on us having a team to spend it on.
Sounds like something worth exec's time to talk about. Branding and stuff.
But champions are made in the off season.
It took Loren training to inspire me to do it.
I also would not in a million years claimed to have been good at cycling. I put in enough time and effort to do the best I could. With 4 people who try, we can do better than one veteran, two people who tried and two people who fought the team all along the way.
Or set up another little 5 groupme for those interested, and yes, I'd be willing to train with people as long as I'm in Bloomington.
As it is.
We have talked about that. It hasn't always gone over so well.
Maybe get a few people on a committee to commit to actually involving themselves in other organizations.
Maybe PR in the future could do that instead of what little we do now...
And it looks good on a résumé
I like where all this is heading.
Groupme: a force for good. Take that Skids!
Hence why we have a specific group of people do it. People who are willing to do it.
Aaron, I've said we could do a resume workshop before: it's an awesome idea, and we get assessment points for it.
If you want me to make that happen in the next couple of weeks it will be done. I have classes in the career dev. center 4 days a week.
I think he's saying make it happen.
So I can ask if a resume shop can take place instead of regular study time hours on Monday night.
Loren, I can get someone from the cdc to be there, not just do one myself.
Like Tom McGlasson? I'm sure we could convince him, and he's a lawyer and I know I'm not the only one fascinated with law.
And we need a faculty advisor anyway, maybe they'd like us enough to consider repping us.
German maybe?
Having a good rep with faculty can only help us.
Is that a forgivable curse, Dear Leader Hornung? Will's contributions to this discussion have be quite valuable.
loren, i liked it better when you didn't use groupme.
where is frisbee happening?
7, wright
wear letters.
where are ppl?
there are golf fuck boyz in our field.
front
hurry the fuck up.
bonnamu is at sae. i obviously object to going to that.
an cleaning up after events they drank at.
like the upstairs poop heads.
mark cuban is a greasy bugger who hates net neutrality.
i read the fountainhead. she is a decent author but an awful philosopher.
got 100 pages into atlas shrugged, anthem was also a good read.
 my copy was the second edition in the publishing history, so like from 1940, and i don't have it here, but there is always the library.
so what i gather from this is that the nodes with the most lines to and from are the most valuable ones, so does that mean that working on the end nodes is the best strategy or is it better to work on all of them and increase efforts in all areas as the chapter size increases?
so more open events and recruitment. hmm...
wait, jordan, are you going to ft. wayne? am i understanding you correctly?
dang
was she at least hot.
hey, some girls that have some meat on their bones can be sexy af too.
i didn't see it on hoosier nation.
you right.
which thread?
what does that mean?
aww, it could be worse.
you could have mist yo phlyte.
kood*
andy, i need your help.
too soon.
andy, i need your help. i'm hooked on cheerios and my life is spiraling out of control. can you help me?
hornung, you got a bitch to kill.
let schläger die peter!!!
that goes for you too hornung!
jordan, i just got a hell of a lot more respect for you after posting that. i see you like to live life on the edge. i admire that.
git chore fuking diqs to 509.
tom mcglasson will be at chapter on the 12th. where is chapter next weekend?
thanks bae.
that's weird, i have one of those too.
yet 2/3 are gone and the last one like to make trouble. god bless cookie tho.
so many likes on my study table groupme message and yet... https://v.groupme.com/13162200/2015-04-06t22:13:29z/26ec3707.480x360r90.mp4
who has nonpornographic stuff on an external hard drive?
sean
r/rage does it for me
and r/cringe
aaron, this day and forevermore i christen thee : aaron threadslayer, the silencer.
skids, i recently heard of a honors society and i heard that they're recruiting. they're delta iota chi, you should check them out.
sean is a doodoohead dummy.
http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/47/4e/4e/474e4efcbaacd4599b3c281cf275d838.jpg
yeah
i is fagit.
right, at least cookie paid his dues!
right? i feel like the chairmen of the two most powerful entities in our chapter shouldn't be doling out punishment without meeting their financial obligations first.
the delicious pink slime.
them gulls frum the 60s shure wur lookers.
ooooooh shit, andy!!! what chu got to say bout' that?!?!?
all teh telecommies are the devil. at&t is truly the evil empire.
so i watched a video of mia khalifa take this guy's virginity today. it was pretty hilarious. she cringed through the whole experience and there was a part earlier in the clip where the guy was training for the part. he was a dog shit picker upper and there was a part where he picked up some dog shit and put it in his pocket. 
what did you all do today?
have you ever marijuana'd so hard that you started liking dudes?
remember that god is watching you when you poop.
are you fucking shitting me up my asshole???!?!?!? andy is getting dirty and i'm missing it!?!?!?!? fuck this job!!!!!!!!
send pics!!!

czech tha pic
fuck off
size only matters to ratchets
bang***
no he wouldn't.
no poopie heads allowed.
and sleep with girls with boy's names.
got a fake from a dragon girl. this one is for you, my son.
tom gonna shoot heroine in cookie's asscheek. 
you know what germans call bmw? bayerischer mist wagen: bavarian shit car.
tread carefully, sean.
i did it and i'm sorry, shawn.
i'll be over soon to make sure you have a mess to clean up.
 lucas, did u see the fake id of the dragon girl i confiscated? 
i did it 4 u.
nope. 
i was two busy being a dick butt.
what kind does spider man get?
the type, one is quantitative, i'm looking for qualitative info. for science.
that'll do.
i busy.
bid him.
jeffy?
❤️ fred
like that's ever stopped us.
you mean to haze them or make them give drunk brothers and sorostitutes rides?
nothing, but it was enough for a tke chapter to get kicked off their campus for it.
we should create a private facebook page of naked brothers passed out, because no one will fucking care.
reek, that's a good name for you.
we should tie pledges up and flay them, like ai did with theon grayjoy.
you're next, sean.
shoes should have been take off at the door. 
those are for people who will actually use them...
trojans suck.
will and i are going to bike to one of those.
http://i62.tinypic.com/30t2i5u.jpg
david, that wouldn't be so bad.
how many peeps going to the mars thing?
gleaming is what edward from twilight does.
nonsense, will.
i hear it costs $5.

upper middle class people run gangs.
sorry, not going. 
