honor super omnia. jesus christ guys can you have basic respect for ppl and not bad mouth your brothers or friends of the chapter, whether it's to there face or behind their back. i'm sick of this 7th grade shit 
sorry butnot sorry for ranting. some things just need to be said. also i won't be at chapter or candlepass (if it's this sunday) because i'm in dc and my return flight doesn't get in until sunday night. be your brother's keeper, not his detractor  
it's like we almost have friends 
dkdijcfieisigurb
probably a safe bet 
sorry dude i have to finish some reading and have an 8 am tomorrow :[
it's not that difficult to raise money. sophomore year i stood outside bluebird for an hour and 15 minutes and raised almost $200 alone, ended up dancing for all 36 hours for kdr without paying out of my own pocket. iudm is a blast and we should do it again with more brothers !!!! just takes a little effort and willing to ask strangers for money for the kids 
each person on the team has to raise $500 which sounds like a lot but isn't that hard you can start now i saw people soliciting for it this morning. you can email professors and extended family too  
most greek orgs make their newest pledge class participate each year. we don't because we don't want to force ppl to do things but it's strongly encouraged for all brothers !
we don't need to "worry" but we should start preparing. if people are concerned about collecting money then starting now would help significantly. raising $500 in 7 months is a lot easier than in 2!!!
took me some 20 minutes to catch up and i must say i'm pleased at the level of discussion overall #deep but also, y'all cray
if anyone should've been remove there it was mason...
it seems like that's why will and peter were removed. it's whatever i didn't know a computer did it 
also, remember to be civil in groupme ppl
none
of the above. but was a good night !
though seriously wtf is with that rat like fuck that shit 
jäger doesn't need to get into the weeds cause everyone knows it is above them 
just joined mars (and liked)!!!
 all i have to say is... wow tf5 you cool 
too bad these refs suck 
smh
if they hold themselves equally accountable then it's fine. also, i agree groupme isn't the best forum for these kinds of conversations 
regardless, this should be handled in person amongst exec and advisory or in a joint meeting between both
use texting or direct messaging for 1 on 1 conversations please 
gresh?
ah chicken fries from bk zomg
what came first, the chicken or the egg? 
now?
i'm down
sources? also from what i read the 95% death rate happened after contact with europeans from "old world diseases such as smallpox and measles" 
yeah, so if this is right, european diseases killed natives, causing reforestation because dead natives couldn't farm and then "little ice age" 
*climate change lo lo 
http://pmm.nasa.gov/education/articles/whats-name-global-warming-vs-climate-change
climate change includes warming plus other shit so mine is a bigger deal
cahokia mounds! those guys were boss 
"but temperature change itself isn't the most severe effect of changing climate. changes to precipitation patterns and sea level are likely to have much greater human impact than the higher temperatures alone. for this reason, scientific research on climate change encompasses far more than surface temperature change. so "global climate change" is the more scientifically accurate term" 
encompasses far more => includes temp changes 
sorry it's not econ so you're not always right like you "are" then ... if global warming is happening it is part of climate change that what the article clearly states. #adhominem  you right this is dumb 
i think we've reached the chicken or the egg argument. warming leads to other shit, or other shit leads to warming. depends on which shit one refers to 
yeah if by climate change you mean weather patterns. i was thinking of atmospheric changes my mistake. 
later bros 
cease this nonsense !
i would but i'm gonna be a tad late if i make it 
try asking the discussion groupme (just not with the why)... or catch an a bus?
